[Music]
nine things you'll regret in 10 years
week after week passes by in constant
fuss and would often miss the most
important things behind all of this
yet it can take years to understand this
year's we could spend quite differently
with greater benefits we discovered the
things people often regret and some
pieces of advice on how to avoid it we
believe everyone should learn these
simple points as they might change your
life for the better
number 9 engaged in a destructive
relationship
many people are involved in a
destructive relationship because they're
afraid of being alone yet dozens of
years later it becomes clear that it's
better to be alone than to live with a
person who brings a lot of
disappointment pain and offenses number
eight spend little time with loved ones
in the cycle of work and home duties
many of us pay very little attention to
our loved ones unfortunately we often
understand this at a tragic time
children grow up and start an
independent life warm relationships with
spouses disappear something tragic
happens to Paris
number seven we sit a lot of time
watching TV shows chatting in social
networks games on the phone all of it
takes an impressive amount of time you
could spend it on much more useful
things and thereby significantly improve
the quality of your life
number six let an unhealthy lifestyle we
ruin our health when we give in to
temptations everyday and have bad habits
and even if our health seems to be okay
now after a while we'll most likely feel
the consequences of such a frivolous
attitude toward it
number five spend little time traveling
few of us don't dream of traveling yet
the desire to travel with comfort or our
responsibilities stop people from this
quite often
however comfort is not the most
necessary thing and you'll always have
urgent things to do number four worked
too much
most often people do so if they have no
other values work is important but don't
forget it to relax from time to time
number three stop learning new things
[Music]
many people believe that one degree is
enough true it's good if you have one
however constant development brings more
opportunities for professional growth
and an increase in self-confidence
making you an interesting person to
others number two having a job they hate
we often continue to work in a place we
hate only because our indecisiveness and
unwillingness to leave our comfort zone
if we don't risk and change something in
our lives
you can simply fade away in a job or not
interested in
number one dream too much but took
little action if you don't take any
steps to make your desires come true
everything will remain just the fantasy
if you wait for the perfect conditions
for all your life you may never have a
chance now you know that work and study
is important but your family and friends
always come before these by the way
don't forget to share this video with
them hit the like button below and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life